{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red32\green32\blue32;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c12549\c12549\c12549;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \

\f1 README for CSC173 Project 1 Sample code\
\
This bundle includes the following:\
\
- dfa.h and nfa.h: Examples of APIs for your data structures\
  for representing automata\
  - YOU have to write the C code that goes with them\
    - in separate .c files that use the header files properly...\
  \
- IntHashSet.[ch]: Implementation of a hashtable representation\
  of a set of ints, based on description in FOCS pp. 360-363, 415.\
  This may be useful if you need to store sets of integers.\
  Note that the implementations of the set operations that it\
  supports are NOT optimized. YOU could do better.\
  \
- LinkedList.[ch]: Implementation of a ``generic'' linked list\
  that can store any type of object (void*). This may be useful\
  if you need to store things but don't know how many you\
  will need at the outset. It's not the worst list implementation,\
  I'll say that.\
  \
- BitSet.[ch]: Implementation of a set of small non-negative integers\
  using a bit-vector representation. This is significantly faster\
  than the IntHashSet. Most operations are constant-time. The catch\
  is that you can't store elements (ints) larger than 63 (31 on some\
  platforms). But if it works for what you need, give it a try.\
  -> I recommend that you NOT use it.\
  \
- Set.h: A header that allows code written for IntHashSet sets to\
  use BitSets without changing anything. Well, ALMOST anything.\
  This is somewhat advanced magic. Use at your own risk.\
\
- Makefile: A simple makefile that builds the test programs for the\
  data structures included in the bundle, and also shows how you\
  might get it to build YOUR program for the project.\
\cb4 \
}